---
layout: event
title: Rogue Rope Session #03
tags: event
---
# Rogue Rope Session 03 

### “Now with added workshop”

**Announcement:** [Fetlife event](https://fetlife.com/events/440761)

**Date & Time:** Saturday, June 25, 2016 · 19:00/21.00

**Location:** The attic, Ghent, Belgium   @ map

**Cost:** 	Suggested donation 10€

**Dress code:** 	No

**Description:**	


Since [last time](https://fetlife.com/events/440761) was [pretty awesome](https://fetlife.com/users/1481316/posts/3776639), the next session couldn't wait long. also this time I've changed the concept a bit. We will start with a workshop for absolute beginners workshop at 19.00. The attic opens for everyone, around 21.00.

The content will be really basic:

* Safety instructions
* Single/double column tie
* Basic handling of rope and flow
* Rope to body and body to body interaction

I’m sorry but this workshop is only available for couples, in the most loose definition of the word. Thing is… you need someone to tie.

**Switching is fine.**

From 21.00 the concept stays the same: 

* The main focus is rope, however if you want to combine your jute, hemp or cotton with toys that spank, burn, spark or vibrate, that's fine too.

* The goal is to create a space for free expression and experimentation, with respect for all participants and as few rules as possible. We aim for a cozy vibe and have several suspension points available.


* If you haven't done much bondage yet, that's fine. As long as you bring some rope and are ready, willing and able to play.The main focus is active participation, open to all people regardless of skill set, level or style.

PS.
the address will be provided on the acceptance of your registration.

